As is often the case with many great teachers,
pain is a catalyst for change.
Peggy Dubro had a particularly painful start to life,
which resulted in breaking open to the greater field
of possibilities.
In a state of awareness of all things,
the nature of the universal and human lattice
was revealed to her.
Today, Peggy teaches thousands of people
her EMF balancing technique in countries all over the world.
She has found that we must understand the human lattice
to evolve into the new human being
that we are all being challenged to become.
It's an interesting conundrum
that we as multi-dimensional beings
for the most part, with a few exceptions on this planet,
are driving around, walking around,
bumping through our lives with absolutely no awareness
of our connection with the greater source,
with literally cosmic forces with each other and so forth.
And you obviously came into this life to change all of that
and your work is absolutely beautiful.
But it started when you were quite young.
It wasn't new for you.
Can you talk a little bit,
just share with us a little bit of your history
as to how this began for you
in terms of your understanding of energy
and recognition of it.
When I was very young, I was very religious.
And I always had this connection with
what I understood as God.
When I was young, because of the religious background,
I saw God as Father.
When I turned 22, something started to happen.
I'd always had sight, but my sight started to change
and the way I felt inside, the passion, the desire
to know creator grew even more.
I didn't know anything about chakras.
I didn't know anything about mantras,
and yet I had this deep desire to remember creator.
The only thing I was doing at that time,
the only thing, perhaps the women will relate to this,
is I was belly dancing at that time.
For exercise, and just because I really loved doing it,
and the dance of the seven veils really intrigued me.
When I was 22, without drugs or alcohol,
it was the end of the 70s, the beginning of the 80s,
I had my first experience of what I call
no beginning and no end.
And what happened was I started to really focus
that I wanted to remember God,
because I knew that that connection was in there,
but I wasn't remembering it,
I wasn't experiencing it in my daily life,
and I knew there was so much more.
Though you were very feeling as a child,
you had some experiences that were quite harsh,
even in your very young life,
where you were alerted to energetic patterns
that were wrong and took bold moves,
and very brave moves for a little girl.
Very interesting.
You're speaking of the time I did speak about.
When I was very little, my father
was a paranoid schizophrenic alcoholic in the 50s,
in a time when you didn't talk about that.
My childhood is one where I was beat, starved, and abused,
and so were my brother and my sister,
and we managed to make it through that time,
and coming out of that, I think that was also,
people talk about the ego exercises
to release one's ego.
I believe that what that did,
and in this moment that I'm speaking with you,
I'm really experiencing it.
It plowed the field, metaphorically, it plowed the field
so that I could be open.
And isn't it interesting that I was looking
to remember God as Father,
and what I had figured out was that
if God were my father, there was another time
that I was even closer,
and this is before I studied anything.
I start to understand Buddhism,
or I start to understand the Siddha Yoga,
or any of these things,
the traditional ways of the indigenous people.
This was just in my own growing up.
Why do you think you chose
that particular incarnation path
with that particular father?
I mean, did you already just answer it,
or have you learned more since then?
That is interesting.
I've come to the point that I understand
that my father played that role for me,
and in agreement of our souls,
I played that role for him.
And what I know is that
because the energy is the way it is now,
he will never have to play that role for me again,
I will never have to play that role for him.
People call it forgiveness.
When you start to understand everything as energy patterns,
and it's a dance of energy that we have with one another,
you learn not to take things so personally.
When you also understand that everything is for lesson,
and how do you know that this is your lesson?
It's because you're having it.
So for me, it just is now part of my reality,
and I'm very much at peace with that,
so I don't feel that there's that tie
that it would have to be done again.
So, nonetheless, you stood up for yourself
because you did recognize energetic patterns.
And then you had this desire to get into your body
and incorporate something you weren't even aware of
via belly dancing.
And then you went on a search through many traditions,
as you alluded to a moment ago.
What happened during that journey
when you were studying all these
different forms of spiritual awareness?
What did it take before it finally hit you
that I've got it, instead of just being the seeker?
And you talk about this a fair amount.
Yes, the first experience I had of no beginning
and no end, I was 22.
Literally I had started to say, I remember, I remember.
So now based on everything we said,
I'm wanting to remember God the Father,
and that comes from my religious tradition.
And I have this memory, and my sight for energy
had really grown and it came in this light
and this energy, it looked almost like
the movie Contact.
I started to see this blue light in front of me,
and I remember at first I was afraid of it,
I thought what is this?
And then I remember touching it and feeling it.
It was electrical and alive,
and it was an energy of intelligence.
When I finally was able to communicate with it,
this light and this energy,
which would be part of my own being,
took me to another place in my consciousness
where all connections to all things were felt.
Like there was just a minimal contact in my own being
so that I could experience this no beginning and no end.
That was amazing experience,
but what was even more amazing was,
here I'm looking for this father energy...
God, the Father, did Mother show up?
Yes, and in comes, you're right,
in comes all this beautiful love, God the Mother.
And all this beautiful love just changed my life.
This experience lasted, for me, an entire night
and completely changed my life.
In the next day and days thereafter,
I was just, my eyes were popping out of my head,
I'm telling people, God is real.
People are looking at me kind of funny,
which rightfully so.
It doesn't have a big, great beard either.
No, no beard, and not only that,
what really got to me was that
God, Creator loves each and every one of us.
What had happened for me,
in society, I was considered low class,
I was considered low level,
I was considered damaged goods,
and why would God speak to you?
That didn't even bother me.
What was amazing to me was to find this unbelievable love,
and it was transformative, it was life changing.
And then you talked about the seeking.
That was 15 years.
What happened for me, I wanted
to have that energy, that mother father energy
in my consciousness all the time.
And at that time, so this is like 30 years ago or so,
actually even longer, it's like 34 years ago,
and there aren't New Age magazines,
there aren't all these places you can go to
to understand more.
And my very first teacher said to me,
you cannot keep that consciousness
or you will go crazy.
Perhaps I will even say this,
and we'll put it on film for the first time,
it was something else this teacher said to me.
When I talked about this exquisite love,
she said to me, Peggy, to be in that consciousness
would be like being in orgasm all the time.
And she says to me, and do you want that?
And I'm thinking, well, this is not a bad idea.
So it's like...
And in that time, I think what she was saying was true.
That we were not ready, humanity was still evolving,
and so in my own personal way, I was evolving too,
and so 15 years of study...
I went to born again Christianity, surprisingly enough.
Interesting, after that?
Right after that I went.
Laying on of hands, speaking in tongues, the whole...
Then I, uh, Zen Buddhism, Siddha Yoga,
continued with the belly dancing,
but then moved into,
I studied tae kwon do, I studied kung fu,
I did many, many different forms of learning.
What I knew in my heart of hearts,
in my soul of souls, was that
I could have that experience again,
and I had vowed that when that happened,
I was going to learn how to hold that experience.
Now as a metaphysician, people will say
you can't hold unlimited,
and I understand that,
but there was a consciousness, there's a place,
that I knew I could do that in some way.
And sure enough, 15 years later,
I had the second experience of no beginning and no end.
And this time, it's feminine energy present,
and the experience, and again,
this is just, it is a conscious awareness.
It's a good thing I hadn't done chemicals
and I'm not criticizing.
Those that did the chemicals of the 60s,
they did it because we needed to push back the consciousness
and I'm glad I didn't because my brain,
I don't know how it functions,
but I would, I was constantly having,
before the second experience,
many many different experiences.
All energy coming in, beings of light.
Indeed, you could say I'm crazy.
Fine, I imagined it, fine, whatever.
All I know is my reality includes
all of these different levels of awareness.
And what I looked at my life though,
with all of this empowered energy coming in,
I wasn't able to focus it,
I wasn't able to work with it,
and my life reflected a lot of confusion.
I could barely make my bed, if that got done.
So the second experience of no beginning and no end,
now I actually, and this is my experience.
There is this female form of light
who merges completely with me.
She comes in on this beautiful white horse of light,
so there's the imagery.
And as she merges with me,
my arms literally start to go up,
and I literally become this pattern, this energy pattern
which we now call the Universal Calibration Lattice.
It was an initiation into an awareness
of this system in my energy anatomy.
Once that happened, it was very interesting,
and it's been a long time since I've thought about this,
but I thought of it the other day,
for other reasons I'll tell you
because I'm getting all the signs of the third experience.
But the second experience is very interesting
because I woke up, or brought myself back to consciousness
you would say, I was in this suspended state,
in very, very vivid dreaming and I knew I was dreaming,
and once this pattern was here,
I opened my eyes, and I had to wait
until every last bit of the energy had,
it felt like it was being absorbed, coming inside.
Once it was inside, then I couldn't move.
I could not even move.
And then I sat up and I thought,
my god, I want someone to sing happy birthday to me.
(laughs)
I thought that was, I hadn't remembered these details
until a few days ago.
Interesting.
Well we're going to go into the work itself,
but can you continue on this vein for a moment?
What do you feel mounting that's coming together now,
and why, you told me off camera,
you've gone through a lot of changes very recently.
What's going on?
There's, I'm peeking into the other realities again
more and more.
I'm seeing the changes, only this time,
as I prepare for this third no beginning and no end,
and I've always said I knew I would have it again,
and I also knew I would have company.
There's a collective.
All of us are growing.
All of us are becoming more aware.
For myself personally, I've recently released 32, 33 pounds.
I'll continue to go.
I've always eaten good food, it's eating less.
But what's happening is I'm strengthening my physical body.
I'm up to about an hour of some strong physical exercise,
and I know why.
It's for the electrical current to come with this next,
with this next event.
I'm completing the EMF balancing technique.
It has 12 phases to it now.
I will be teaching phases 9 through 12
for the first time in June of this year.
I'll have a class of people from over 30 countries.
That's the testament to the bridging of this work
inside of ourselves and with others.
And there's a phase 13 that will be anchored
by the middle of 2009.
I'm so mindful of my own personal growth,
and I'm so mindful of the collective personal growth,
and that together, for everyone, it's their personal growth
and what's happening with the collective
that will facilitate our next step.
And for me it's that experience.
And you pointed to something a moment ago
that I'm getting the same understanding and impulses,
that it's becoming very important to strengthen
the physical now.
Would you go ahead and talk about your observation
and understanding of why this is?
I've always said, when I talk about the Lattice,
that it's a rewiring for the energy.
As a matter of fact, sometimes I think my next book
should say, wonderfully weird, or is it wired,
so that we can understand ourselves a bit more.
When I travel and I go overseas,
if I use a curling iron, up until recent years,
I always had to have a little box, a transformer,
so I could plug in my appliance so it wouldn't burn out.
A transformer box.
The Lattice to me, is that transformer box.
There's been a collective consciousness all around,
what's interesting, just as aside,
these appliances now come with dual,
so that you can plug them in all over the world,
which is to me, that was an evolutionary leap
reflected even in something so simple as curling one's hair.
So I look at this, and what I'm seeing is that
this is not visualization, what's coming next.
No mistake, someone like Oprah Winfrey
has an Eckhart Tolle soul talking about new world.
You bet.
But with that new world, it's new human.
And the energy of the world is changing,
we've been busy working, working working.
For me, there's a bridge of grace, I believe,
that we can create, and that was my fervent prayer.
I saw indeed that there would be energy of change,
like everyone else, the problems on the planet,
where we're still at with the conflicts,
but I also saw that there's an overlapping
where we're creating grace.
But to do that calls for a health, a centeredness.
This energy is not visualized, it's not meditated in,
it's not something that's in that imagination.
The energy is alive, it's electrical, and it's powerful.
And so to be able to work with this energy,
to be a conduit of this energy of wholeness,
or what I like to call holiness,
it requires that we pay attention to the...
We're still carbon, chemical, electrical light beings.
We're still in physical body.
So to take care of that body,
because the ascension process is not us leaving,
the ascension process is within the body.
So it's getting that body in a really strong state.
My body is stronger than it's been in the past 20 years.
Wonderful, you look radiant with health.
This is obvious.
Okay, that said, now let's go in through another track
if you don't mind, because one of the things
I was reading in there is that this lattice
that surrounds all of us, this universal lattice
that surrounds us, is by extension,
interacting with our nervous system.
Sympathetic, parasympathetic nervous systems.
So can we enter from that point
and you can begin telling us about the lattice,
about our personal lattice, and how this lattice
begins interfacing with the cosmic lattice.
The lattice actually is an extension, as you said,
of the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous system.
It radiates through the chakra system.
There are a few other centers that we work with,
the center below, the center at the knees,
the high heart, the center above.
There's actually 12 points of universal balance.
As we become universal humans,
the energy system has changed.
So understanding this system in the energy anatomy
will help people also take greater charge of their evolution
and by that I mean, how does this function?
Our emotions, our words, our thoughts, our actions.
Those are all energy charges.
So this lattice facilitates our ability to learn
how to move the energy charges through our field
so that we are in a centered, balanced, energetic
posture of wholeness.
And that is an everyday calibration
because the energies here are constantly changing,
and we're a part of that change.
Now I'm not sure if I answered that question
because I was taking into consideration
everything we've just said.
No, I think you have.
And another thing you talk about is
our story, our personal story.
Now how does our personal story and awareness
of our deep past, our present, perhaps our future,
how does that figure into the lattice work
and the work you do?
When people understand this lattice, this framework,
they will be able to be more present in their core.
And when they look at the energy of their history
or "herstory," their story,
when they look at that energy, there are charges
that keep certain patterns alive.
And it's an energy charge.
And when a certain pattern makes us smile a lot,
we say that's a positive energy.
And when a pattern makes us frown a lot,
or we're not very happy about it,
we say that's a negative energy.
It really isn't positive or negative,
it's the energy charge that we put around a situation
that keeps it alive and working through our life.
And through the lattice, you can start to understand
how to release those charges very quickly
without necessarily going through the original insult.
And this particular work, while I'm saying that,
it is not a work of catharsis.
They're rebirthing for release,
and there's just many beautiful works out there
that will help when someone feels that they need to do that.
This particular work is about learning to sense your lattice
and I'm doing this a lot,
we do use tai chi-like hand movements
when we work with ourselves and with others,
and this is for centering, they're beautiful movements.
And learning how to move the energy charges
from those things that no longer serve us
and to activate in our history or our story,
something that people often forget about
is that we have goodies in our history,
no matter what your history was.
And I shared earlier my history.
There are goodies there,
and there are latent talents
and hidden abilities yet to be activated,
so it's learning how to consciously move
the energetic charges of one's being
to create focus and life for certain patterns
that are already within us.
The lattice becomes like this beautiful focusing framework,
and it makes it much easier to work these charges.
It encourages the evolution.
We say we take responsibility for ourselves,
and we work very hard at doing that.
This is a tool that will help support you in doing it.
And why is it so important to be moving
the energy charges around?
The whole theory is that you are constantly,
constantly communicating with the universe through energy.
Through speaking the language of energy.
And so the energy pattern that you are
sends off a message.
Move the energy patterns around.
Become clear first inside here, who you are in the moment,
and we're always redefining that,
and then you become more clear
with what you're communicating out there.
And that's been, I think one of the biggest challenges
right now is people are becoming so sensitive,
those that are aware, and even those that aren't,
they're wondering what's going on,
but something is happening inside,
and it creates a lot of confusion for people,
and this way it helps to clarify.
And then we get to my favorite,
the energy of potential.
Because I need people with really good hearts,
with wonderful ideas, with beautiful energy
to manifest here.
But they get in their way,
and this becomes, dare I say it,
somebody had to say it, this is going in the next book.
This is an organizational tool,
and organizing is my hobby.
It's an organizational tool because there is so much.
We are building bridges.
You'd better believe those veils of consciousness,
they're thinning.
We're becoming more aware of multi-dimensional reality.
Science and quantum physics, it's becoming a foundation.
We're moving from a Newtonian understanding,
embracing more of the quantum.
Lots of us who are laypeople,
who have no idea what we're talking about,
are talking about quantum physics.
Yes, and the danger is
we're walking around in a state of pure chaos
the more sensitive we become,
so that does have to be coherent or organized.
And in physics, when you make reality,
there is chaos to order to chaos to order.
This is the ongoing.
I'm proposing that this is a time for more order.
And there is great laughter inside my whole being,
and probably throughout the cosmos
because I was never an organized person.
I noticed that in your book.
(laughs) Until I became aware of the lattice.
And to go back to the lattice,
once I had that experience,
I started to notice this energy,
this lattice, in other people's fields.
And I started to realize that this was a system
in our energy anatomy that was coming online.
And I learned how to work with it.
And then people came and they had experiences,
and the work had all of these beautiful repercussions,
and I couldn't keep people away, actually.
My practice started and I didn't even realize
it was a practice,
and then other people came and they said
can you teach us?
And I never saw myself as a teacher,
and I started teaching.
And now I even have taught people
how to teach this work,
and it's all through understanding us
as energy charges, energy patterns,
and speaking the wordless, the language of energy.
Yes, and so you have been able to help identify,
and I have to say, what I like about your DVDs
is that you actually use animation to show
how the lattice works, how it forms itself,
what it looks like.
I'm visual, so for me that's always helpful
in any modality, any work at all,
I have to be able to see it in my mind's eye.
And whoever did this for you
did a beautiful job on the illustration.
So it's not just a concept, you can see what it looks like,
and that helps begin building it
and working with it in your own right.
Now this might be an off the wall question.
You're working with all the energy centers of the body,
and you speak of love a great deal,
and the heart center is imperative to have open.
This is going to sound really off the wall.
A lot of women on this planet wear bras with wire in them.
I just got intuitively I'm supposed to ask you this.
What happens there?
It would be better,
I switched also, I understand (clears throat)
the wire bra. (laughs)
There you go, I mean we're getting personal here.
We are getting personal,
but I know that it's important.
I'm feeling that it's important.
That something about the metal
running through these fields constantly.
Yes, I've switched myself,
and as we're getting ready to head to Russia today,
I'm definitely not...
But I think it's important to be aware.
That's a very insightful question
because most people don't talk about that,
but I think it's really important
that women would reconsider wearing the more fabric...
Heavy metal, right over the heart center.
Yeah, I pay attention to it.
I think it would make sense that people pay attention
to what it is they're wearing, and eating, and doing.
So this work is really two part,
because first of all, you want people to be able
to understand what the lattice is,
identify it, and then begin using it in their own being,
right?
So they begin hooking up and balancing
their own energy fields,
allowing their own potentials to begin emerging
through this awareness of our interconnectedness
with the cosmic forces and beyond.
But, the technique itself of the EMF,
or the electromagnetic frequency balancing,
is really the actual work.
That's what you are out teaching and doing,
from what I understand.
Can you give us some anecdotes,
what happens, what transpires during a balancing?
Just some of your favorite cases
so we get a visceral idea.
First, if I could just back up,
EMF is for electromagnetic field.
20 some years ago, when I took my first ad out
in one of these magazines that was just starting,
people weren't talking about the electromagnetic field,
nor were they talking about balance.
Everything was healing.
And I had to put in there what I was most comfortable with,
so balance, I'm so happy to see
that we all talk about balancing.
We can always balance to our next level.
What does healing mean to us?
As a Saggitarian, healing would mean
everything's all fixed, I'm perfect,
everything is just right where it should be.
But balance is really important that we pay attention to.
How do we balance our energy?
What is the energetic posture we're holding ourselves in
as we go through our life, our daily life?
Everything, daily life is the place where we're
practicing and becoming,
and I do like that word, practice.
I'll come back to that in a few minutes,
but to come back to the actual lattice,
and some of the things that happen.
So people learn about the lattice,
and some people stop there.
Other people come along, and what they do is
they also work with (chuckles)
There is an energy that they work with
and what is interesting is this is a pattern.
If you're looking down on top of the human being's head,
this is the pattern that you would see
that is the lattice.
It's absolutely beautiful.
Just drawn to it naturally.
It's a female balancing.
And something that's interesting as an aside,
and we are in conversation, so we'll go here,
is that scientists have recently done studies
where they are mapping electrical patterns
in a human being's heart.
The electrical pattern that is the most balanced,
I just saw, looks like this without the square
in the middle of it.
Isn't that amazing?
And to me, this is our logo of the work.
It is the symbol of the evolving human,
and that's what we are, we are evolving.
These are the times.
So the lattice is first and foremost
for us to learn how to work with our energies,
and to birth ourselves through even further.
We are universal humans.
I believe we're moving into a time
that we are evolutionaries emerging.
Having said all of that,
so to me, that's the focus of this,
and the focus of the work itself
when the sessions are done,
is to honor the human being on the table.
And it's done in great honor.
It's done with great joy,
and people are always amazed
at the sacredness of it.
We laugh a lot, but there's
a tremendous amount of sacredness.
The work itself gained popularity and attention
by word of mouth.
It's grown to be in 70 countries all over the world
because of people telling other people about it.
You're headed to Russia this afternoon
for three and a half weeks of teaching,
and you teach everywhere,
going for months at a time.
This is not a small endeavor.
Yes, it's been like this.
My husband and I have been traveling together.
He is actually my partner in this work.
We've been traveling internationally for 12 years now,
and we have rarely been home two months in a row.
I've just enjoyed that, just now,
which is nice with the grandchildren and all.
But the work itself, when an individual is honored deeply
through their pattern, when we use this structure,
when we do this work,
it can hold an energetic field
where people can have spontaneous healings.
I've always been very careful about this,
because there are those, the way this work started,
I remember there was one woman.
She had growths in her uterus shrink
when I first started.
There was somebody else who had a physical healing
of something with her face,
and these two people wanted to bring a busload of people
to my home for healings.
And what I know is that
what a person perceives as healing,
and what is actually healing,
are two different things.
And some people heal, and some people don't heal,
but they have balance to their next level of wholeness
which may open the door for their relationship,
because when you're in disease,
you're in relationship with that disease,
and so learning what that means
and what lessons that holds for you,
to me it's all about balance,
it's about posturing, taking that breath, integrating,
and in that moment is when,
I'm going to say this word, I'm stopping myself,
but I'm going to say it anyway,
magic, or the spontaneous, let's go more professional,
the spontaneous healing can happen.
So spontaneous healings happen.
Not just for me, but for the practitioners
all over the world.
I have many, many stories.
There was one in France, I was there,
and I speak to people through a translator,
and I turned around and I saw this man,
and I stop and suddenly my eyes feared, filled up...
(laughs) There's a fear that this would be seen
as a panacea, we don't want that.
But this is a true story.
I looked at him, and I said, tell me about this man,
why do I want to cry?
And he started to cry and they were tears of joy.
What had happened was he had been diagnosed with a disease
that he was told would keep him in bed
for the rest of his life.
Well his wife learned the EMF balancing technique,
just a little technique, little bit of work to do here.
And she did the sessions with him,
and he became so strong that he decided to study
and become a practitioner himself.
And the doctors were so amazed that he was out of bed
and he was practicing and he was doing what they were doing
that they asked for the book.
They were just shocked.
This man was not going to live his life confined to bed.
He was living a full life, and he was growing,
and becoming, and helping others.
So the basic philosophy behind this,
and by the way, we've called it technique,
which is interesting because people say,
oh it's a technique.
Technique is a user friendly word,
and it is what it is.
When my airline pilot takes off this afternoon,
he has a technique, I'm really happy he's got that
to get us up in the air safe and sound
and back down again.
And it's the same thing here,
and when I first started doing this work,
it really was not popular to have a technique.
It was not popular to have a form.
It's just like in tai chi, or in the martial arts,
we have form, and we follow that form,
and that brings up a certain energy pattern.
Well in this work, and again I'm not in competition,
it's not that I think it's better than free form work,
but this work is different,
and it still flows from the heart,
and so we have a pattern we follow.
We even have an accredited program.
And that accredited program,
when I return to Russia this time,
all of our practitioners are now legal in their country,
because the branch of the Russian government,
just like in Germany and a few other places,
they have a holistic branch, and for modalities like this
to be practiced legally so that people
don't get into trouble, I had to present this modality,
all of our material is presented,
they then make a program for our people,
and they can take it, and they now may practice legally.
So from the passion, and to find out that it's,
I'm very excited, I'll be meeting several doctors
when I go there.
This work is now being offered
in the Integrated Psychology Institute in Moscow.
It's offered in complimentary alternative therapy
institutions all over the world.
Not so much, yet, in the United States.
I think that will come,
but it's been out there,
but we're learning how to take something
that is sacred, you want it here,
you want to change the system, we learned this,
you can change the system from the inside out.
The world isn't going to stop one day
and be totally different from the next.
And listen to what people are saying on TV.
Listen to the commercials, listen to the politicians.
Listen to what's going on out there.
So for us, who are the weird and the wired,
who have a different view of the way things are,
we're still a relatively small culture,
but we're a powerful culture.
And so I've learned to wear a suit jacket,
a little soft, but it's still a suit jacket.
I've learned to present in a way
so that it can fit into people's belief systems
and they can take it...
This work is meant to help you grow in your truth
and grow in your wholeness.
What that is to you, that's to you.
That's personal.
So it's really evolved over all these years
to a place where I see it building bridges
with cultures all over the world.
And seeing people healed or coming into greater wholeness.
That to me is all side-effect.
When one is ill, it's very important I understand that.
But one embracing the illness, learning the lesson,
calibrating it, because that's what we use,
we use the word calibration,
we then come into that wholeness.
How many people around the world
are practicing this right now as practitioners?
Just roughly, I'm sure you've lost track by now.
Thousands and thousands at this point.
Thousands and thousands.
And it's been an interesting path, I will mention.
Someday maybe I'll write a book of what it's been like
to be a large American woman teaching spirituality
around the world, and also learning how to bring in
a new form of business.
We're an incorporated business,
and we support all of our practitioners
and our teachers in this world
by a worldwide network.
And we've learned how to present this
to educational institutions.
That has not been easy, but now it's getting easier
because people are starting to understand more.
Oh, that's how you do it,
or this is what we're doing.
Finally, it's a little more relaxing.
Yes, and you're going to begin working
with corporations too to start bringing
that kind of balance and awareness to corporate life.
Yes, I've noticed, I've checked out
some of the business books out there,
and businesses are much more open
to quantum practices, or practices of wholeness,
and we're presenting what we have as a quantum practice,
as they understand the lattice, there's something else.
And this is really exciting to put into this interview
so that those who are listening will have another
piece of the puzzle.
The lattice is a system in our energy anatomy,
and through this system in the energy anatomy,
we speak the language of energy.
However, when we are here, now,
if we accept this theory of this lattice,
I'm going to propose another theory to you.
That is that together, we are making a third lattice.
There's the energy of you, there's the energy of me,
and yes, we are connected, we are all one,
but there is this unique resonance,
and there's a third lattice that we are working through
right now, the energy charges come together.
I am in the same line of organizing, suggesting
that as people start to understand the dynamics
of the third lattice between you and point A and point B,
person, place, thing, concept, you will have
a conscious container so that you can understand
more of what you're doing with your most powerful,
unlimited, infinite energy, and to be able to do it.
And that, for me, it's like teaching people
how to open the doors to accomplish what they want.
And then having said that,
knowing we're in metaphysics, indeed,
there are times to simply be.
And I did that for a long time.
I did a place where I was in being,
and I was a non-person,
and that is just as out of balance
as overdoing and being egotistical.
When I embraced that, let go, and let God,
and release ego, I literally became nothing.
And in becoming nothing,
there was virtually no presence here on the planet,
and that was not healthy.
So I often, when I'm at these events,
I get these nice, beautiful introductions,
and if I start to talk a little bit,
I have to say, it's time for me to reintroduce myself,
so perhaps I should reintroduce myself,
and what I say is, I am an experienced fool,
and that is how I've learned what I've learned. (laughs)
You wanna talk about let go and let God, sure,
I can show you how I did that and became a puddle of energy.
And also, I love doing.
So I've learned a balance of human being
and human doing.
But I'm so excited because this is the time
the universal human, we are waking ourselves up.
This is a tool that will support people in that waking up.
It can also become a practice for them,
and they can add it to the tools that they do.
It can become a part time way they make their income,
it can grow into full time if they're really working at it.
But I'm a very practical mystic.
Yes, I can see that.
But not because I'm so wise,
it's because I've done so many things.
Right, you've done them wrong,
you've done them right, you've learned,
and you have learned, and Peggy,
I know your husband's waiting in the wings,
you have to get to the airport,
you're headed off again, to Russia,
this is very exciting.
I think there's a wonderful spirituality developing
between those two nations as well.
So on a large scale and small,
I wish you the very best.
Thank you so much for squeezing us into your schedule,
and we'll let people know how to get a hold of you
and find out where your classes and courses are
and so forth.
Can I thank you for being so beautiful,
inside and out?
And thank you for the work you're doing.
Thank you.
If you would like to become more involved
in Peggy's EMF balancing work,
just go to her website to begin
what will most certainly be a magical journey
into healing and balance.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(entrancing spiritual music)